HTTP conceptual docs (#32198)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/httpclient-http3.md

# Use HTTP/3 with HttpClient

> [HTTP/3](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9114.html) is the third and recently standardized major version of HTTP. HTTP/3 uses the same semantics as HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2: the same request methods, status codes, and message fields apply to all versions. The differences are in the underlying transport. Both HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2 use TCP as their transport. HTTP/3 uses a new transport technology developed alongside HTTP/3 called [QUIC](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9000.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[HTTP/3](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9114.html) is the third and latest major version of HTTP. HTTP/3 uses the same semantics as HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2: the same request methods, status codes, and message fields apply to all versions. The differences are in the underlying transport. Both HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2 use TCP as their transport. HTTP/3 uses a new transport technology developed alongside HTTP/3 called [QUIC](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9000.html).
```
